(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
I'm Peppa Pig. (SNORTS)
-This is my little
brother, George.
-(SNORTS)
-This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
-(SNORTS)
-(ALL LAUGHING)
Peppa Pig! (SNORTS)
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: Danny Dog is
playing in his pirate den.
Harr! Woof! Woof!
(GIGGLES)
Here are Peppa
and her friends.
(ALL GIGGLING)
-All: Hello, Danny!
-Hello, everyone.
Woof! Woof!
Do you want to play pirates?
-All: Yes!
-Get dressed up, then.
NARRATOR: Danny Dog has
a dressing up box
full of pirate clothes.
-All: Harrr!
-My hearties.
I've got a treasure chest.
All: Ooh!
It's a biscuit tin.
It's a treasure chest.
But it's still got biscuits in.
(BLEATS)
Uh, who wants a biscuit?
ALL: Me!
Now it's a treasure chest.
Let's find some treasure
to put in it.
All: Hoorah!
Someone has to stay here
to guard the pirate ship.
Me! I will guard it.
If you see
someone coming, shout,
"Stop! Who goes there?"
Stop!
Uh, who goes there?
OK.
Let's go find some treasure!
Harrr!
NARRATOR: Danny Dog likes
being a pirate.
All: Harrr!
Everyone likes being a pirate.
(SOFTLY) Harrr!
♪ Oh, jolly pirates, we ♪
♪ That sail the deep blue sea ♪
♪ To find some gold
and treasure ♪
♪ Full sail, ahoy, yippee! ♪
NARRATOR: Danny has found
a pine cone.
Treasure! Woof! Woof!
Peppa has found a shell.
Treasure! (SNORTS)
Suzy has found
an old bit of rope.
Treasure! (BLEATS)
Freddy has found a pebble.
Treasure! Woof! Woof!
I'll just have a little sleep.
NARRATOR: Pedro always
takes his glasses off
before he sleeps.
(SNORES)
Let's creep up on Pedro.
Yes.
NARRATOR: Danny, Peppa,
Suzy and Freddy
are creeping up on Pedro.
-ALL: Boo!
-(GASPS)
ALL: A-ha!
You were asleep.
Uh, yes, sorry.
You're lucky
we're friendly pirates.
(SNORTS) We've got treasure.
That's nice. Let's put it
in the treasure chest.
Now we can bury it.
Yes!
And I'll stay here
and guard the pirate ship.
OK, Pirate Pedro.
But don't fall asleep this time.
I won't!
Harrr!
(YAWNS)
NARRATOR: The pirates are off
to bury the treasure chest.
Over a hill,
round the little bush.
Let's bury it here.
How will we know
where we've buried it?
Let's make a treasure map.
Over the hill,
round the little bush.
And X marks the spot.
X marks the spot.
NARRATOR: Pedro has
fallen asleep again.
Harrr!
I'm awake! I'm awake!
Pedro, don't you wear glasses?
Uh...
Hello!
NARRATOR: Mummy Pony
has come to collect Pedro.
Who goes there?
I'm your mummy, Pedro.
NARRATOR: Pedro cannot see
very well without his glasses.
Where are your glasses?
Um, I don't know, Mummy.
When did you last have them?
When we put the treasure
into the treasure chest.
What treasure chest?
The one we buried
in the garden.
NARRATOR: Pedro's glasses
are buried in the garden.
Oh, dear. How are we
going to find them now?
We've got a treasure map.
NARRATOR: Mummy Pony is
using Peppa's map
to find the buried treasure.
Over the hill,
round the little bush,
and X marks the spot.
NARRATOR: They have
found the treasure.
My glasses!
All: Hoorah!
Thank you!
NARRATOR: Treasure maps
are very useful.
Especially for finding
your glasses,
if you accidentally bury them.
(LAUGHTER)
-(CHILDREN GIGGLING)
-(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: Peppa and her
friends are at playgroup.
Children, today we have
a special treat.
Grampy Rabbit is here
to talk about space rockets.
Rocket! Brrr-oom!
NARRATOR: George loves
space rockets.
-(SHOUTS) Hello, everybody!
-(LAUGHTER)
NARRATOR: Grampy Rabbit
has a very loud voice.
What have I got here?
-A rock.
-Yes, but not any old rock.
-I found it on the moon!
-CHILDREN: Ooh!
My dad sells rocks
in packs of five.
Yes. Thank you, Freddy.
You don't need to go
to the moon to get them.
You do if you want moon rock.
Grampy Rabbit,
how did you go to the moon?
I flew in a rocket.
It's a bit small.
This is just a model.
The rocket I went in
was ginormous!
Do you all know
how to count to five?
CHILDREN: Yes!
One, two, three,
four, five!
Excellent! But when you go
into space, you count backwards.
Five, four, three,
two, one.
And then you have to shout,
"Blast off,"
as loudly as possible.
CHILDREN: Blast off!
I can't hear anything!
Vroom!
There I was,
flying through space.
CHILDREN: Ooh!
And then I landed on the moon!
It was so beautiful up there,
I was lost for words.
That sounds nice.
Did you know, you can jump
really high on the moon?
-CHILDREN: Oh.
-How high?
As high as a house.
Why can you jump so high
on the moon?
-Um...
-The gravitational pull
is smaller on the moon.
Oh, yes, that's it.
Quite the clever-clogs,
aren't we?
NARRATOR: Edmond Elephant
is a clever clogs.
GRAMPY RABBIT: I was
a little bit lonely up there,
with just the moon
and the stars.
And the most
exciting bit was...
(SQUEAK!)
What's the most exciting bit,
Grampy Rabbit?
(SQUEAKS)
I can't hear you!
Why has he stopped talking?
Oh, dear. Grampy Rabbit
has lost his voice.
I had better
ring Dr. Brown Bear.
(RINGING)
Dr. Brown Bear speaking.
Hello, Dr. Brown Bear.
Grampy Rabbit has
lost his voice.
Is that such a bad thing?
Yes. He's giving
an important talk about
space rockets to the children.
Oh. In that case,
I'll be straight there.
(SIREN WAILING)
Hello, Grampy Rabbit.
I hear you've lost your voice.
(SQUEAKS)
-Say "ah," please.
-(SQUEAKING) Ah!
I see. Yes, a very serious case
of losing a voice.
Too much shouting, I imagine.
Let's see if a little bit
of medicine helps.
Open wide.
Try saying "ah" now.
(SQUEAKS) Ah.
-Louder.
-(SQUEAKS) Aaah.
-(SHOUTS) Aaaaaah!
-(THUDDING)
(CHUCKLES) Much better.
-(CHILDREN GIGGLING)
-Not back to normal,
but getting there.
CHILDREN: Hooray!
Now, where was I?
You were just about to tell us
the most exciting bit.
Oh, yes!
The most exciting bit was,
I wrote a song.
-Would you like to hear it?
-BOTH: No, thank you.
CHILDREN: Yes, please!
♪ I got up this morning
and all I could see ♪
♪ Was the moon and the stars ♪
♪ The moon and the stars
The moon and the stars ♪
(CHILDREN LAUGHING)
-(CHILDREN GIGGLING)
-(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: It is a lovely
sunny day.
Peppa and her friends
are visiting Granny
and Grandpa Pig.
(ALL GIGGLING)
What's that?
NARRATOR: Grandpa Pig
is putting up a big,
stripy tent in his garden.
It's the circus!
ALL: Hurray!
(ALL GIGGLE)
Grandpa, can we
see the circus?
Circus, Peppa?
There's no circus here.
Why have you got
a big stripy tent, then?
This is for Granny Pig's
garden party.
Oh. What's a garden party?
It's where grown-ups
stand around, talking.
- What a waste of a good tent.
A circus would be
more exciting.
Why don't you
make your own circus?
Yes! (SNORTS)
We can call it
Peppa's Circus!
Have you finished
putting up the tent, Grandpa?
The guests will be here soon.
Granny, we're doing a circus
for your garden party.
What a splendid idea!
Can we dress up?
(SNORTS)
Of course. I'll get
the dressing-up box.
We can be clowns!
And strongmen!
And jugglers!
My daddy was in the circus.
(TRUMPETS)
Wow! What did he do?
He sold tickets.
Here. You can all find
something to wear
in the dressing-up box.
(ALL GIGGLE)
-NARRATOR: Peppa has found
a top hat.
-(SNORTS)
Danny Dog has found
some spotty trunks
and a stick-on mustache.
Woof! Woof! (GIGGLES)
Pedro has found
a clown outfit.
(TOOTS HORN)
-Who wants make up?
-Me, please!
What does everyone
want to be? (SNORTS)
I want to be the clown.
But Peppa, where is
your clown costume?
OK, you be the clown.
I want to be the strongman!
OK, Danny, you be the strongman.
I want to be the juggler.
But I wanted to do that!
ALL: Wow!
OK, you be the juggler.
Grandpa! (SNORTS)
I don't have a job to do.
You can be
the ringmaster, Peppa.
You've got the hat for it.
What's a ringmaster?
The ringmaster is the boss.
Yes! I'll be the ringmaster!
(SNORTS)
What do I do?
You say, "Welcome to my circus!
See the impossible,
-"the amazing, the incredible
feats of daring, do!"
-(DRUMROLL)
ALL: Ooh!
Uh, welcome to my circus.
It's got amazing feet!
(ALL GIGGLE)
-Meow!
-Baa!
-Moo!
-NARRATOR: Granny Pig's
garden party guests are here.
Hello, everyone.
You're in for a treat.
The circus has come to town.
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to my circus!
Now, please be very scared
of the amazing Candy Cat!
Grr!
(APPLAUSE)
Look at George, Richard
and Edmond, on tricycles!
Don't stop clapping.
It's the strong Danny Dog!
(DRUMROLL)
Woof! Woof! (GIGGLES)
I was a strongman once.
I used to lift tractors.
-(DRUM ROLL)
-(GROANS)
See Emily Elephant juggle
potatoes and an egg!
(ALL LAUGH)
Now laugh a lot at Pedro Pony!
He's a clown!
-(TOOTS HORN)
-(ALL LAUGH)
Stop laughing. I haven't done
the funny bits yet!
ALL: Argh!
-That was the funny bit.
-(LAUGHS)
That's what I call funny!
Thank you! That is the end of
my amazingly impossible circus.
ALL: Hurray!
That is the best circus
I have ever seen.
(ALL LAUGH)
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: Peppa and her family
are having a day out.
We're going to see a pond
that has little fish
swimming in it.
-Ooh!
-(SNORTS)
I used to go there
when I was a boy.
We're here!
-Where's the fish pond?
-It's in the middle
of the woods.
-We have to walk to it.
-Will we get lost
like we always do?
Oh-ho! No!
Remember, I came here
when I was a little piggy.
But that's a long time ago,
Daddy Pig.
In the olden days.
Thank you, Peppa.
Well, in the olden days,
we started the walk
by going along a path.
Ah! This is the one.
-How do you know?
-There are little
flowers growing here.
-Just like I remember!
-Things might have changed,
Daddy Pig.
Oh-ho!
Nothing changes that much.
Now we walk past
some little trees until
we come to a big tree.
I think the little trees
have grown.
Oh, yes. They do all seem big,
don't they?
How are we going to find
the right big tree?
-Oh!
-(OTHERS LAUGH)
It's usually me
that walks into trees!
NARRATOR: Mummy Pig
has found the big tree.
-Clever Mummy!
-Ha! I knew it would
still be here!
This way, everybody!
Are we nearly
at the fish pond yet?
-Almost there.
-But I'm getting a bit hungry.
Don't worry,
there's a cafe on the way.
Oh, lovely! I could do with
a nice cup of coffee.
Can George and I
have ice-creams, please?
-(SNORTS)
-Of course.
Ice-creams for everyone.
(SNORTS) The cafe should be
just about here.
-Oh.
-Where's the cafe?
Is it behind
that rotten pile of wood?
I think that rotten pile of wood
is the cafe.
ALL: Oh!
There's not going to be
any ice-creams coming out
of that today.
Hello! What can I get you?
Oh!
A cup of coffee
and three ice-creams, please.
-Of course.
-Thank you.
Mmm! Delicious!
Next stop, the fish pond!
-This way!
-Oh, you don't want to
go that way.
That goes straight
into a blackberry bush.
A-ha! It's the shortcut.
It's the way I went
when I was a boy.
No. If you want to
go to the fish pond,
you need to go up that path.
Well, I'm taking the shortcut.
-All right. Who wants to go
through a blackberry bush?
-Me!
-And who wants to go
on the path?
-BOTH: Me!
-Race you, Daddy!
-Oh-ho! I'll get there first.
Bye!
I hope the fish pond
is still here.
Yes, everything seems
a bit different
to what Daddy remembers.
- What's that?
- It's the fish pond!
-George, let's see
the little fish.
-(SNORTS)
Oh. Daddy said
that the fish were tiny.
But they're ginormous!
It's been a long time
since Daddy was here.
-The fish have got
a lot bigger.
-Like Daddy's tummy!
(ALL LAUGH)
Oh. Where is Daddy?
Oh, he might be lost.
I'd better ring him.
-(RINGING)
-There's a phone's
ringing in that bush!
- Hello. Mr. Pig speaking.
It's Daddy!
- Oh, hello! I'm stuck.
Hello, Daddy!
Hang on. We'll pull you out!
One! Two! Three! Pull!
(ALL GRUNT)
Daddy is a blackberry bush!
(ALL LAUGHING)
Ah! The fish pond!
Let's see the little fish.
Whoa! That's a big fish!
PEPPA: Oh, look!
There's something glittering.
- They're coins.
When I was little,
we used to throw a coin
in the pond and make a wish.
-Can we throw coins in?
-(SNORTS)
Of course.
I wish the fish pond
stays here forever!
Oh-ho! That's what I wished for
when I was a little piggy.
And your wish
came true, Daddy!
(ALL LAUGHING)
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Peppa Pig ♪
(SNORTING AND GIGGLING)
(SNORTING AND LAUGHING)